(DOCSP-39501): Consolidate Quick Start page (#3280)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/api-details/swift/quick-start/quick-start-define-your-object-model-description.rst

> In this quick start, you can remove ``ownerId`` unless you want to add the
> optional Device Sync.

Reviewer: [nit] there's something off to me about referring to it as "the optional Device Sync" 
[suggestion] use the same wording from my earlier C++ suggestion 
```suggestion
This quick start includes ``ownerId``, which is used when we add 
Device Sync in a later step. 
You can remove this property if you are not using Device Sync.
```
